I actually couldn't believe that I could
do this like this, but here we are.
I think this is neat.
We're gonna go yarn add,
Nest swagger and swagger-ui-express.
We're going to add this in.
And when this is done,
we're going to go make one
small modification to our code base.
And I am not going to
type this out by hand,
but it will be impressive.
None the less.
All right.
So I think we're good here.
Let me just double check.
Get again, lock files, lovely.
I'm not gonna let that bother me.
Now what I'm going to
do is I'm going to go
into the main TS and
we're going to clean this up.
And so I'm going to just
introduce a new method here.
I'm gonna paste it in and then we can
kind of talk about what it's doing.
And we may need to wait for
the application to stop compiling,
all right?
So we need to import Document, Builder and
the swagger module, all right?
From here I've added
the Configure swagger Method.
And I'm just creating
a New Document Builder,
which we're gonna see what this
looks like in just a moment.
But I'm setting the title description,
set version, build, whatever.
And then I am creating a document.
And then I'm saying set this up.
So this is just basic configuration.
You can copy it off of the documentation.
Or you can copy it from the repo but
I really didn't invent this other than I
created kind of a extracted it out into
a standalone function for me to call.
And then from here, we are going to call
configure swagger and
I believe I pass the app.
Please double check.
Yep, could it be that easy?
True story.
So just real quick.
I'm just configuring the Document Builder.
And then I'm creating the document.
And then I'm setting it up.
So kinda three main steps in here.
Let me just also double check I'll
show there's something really silly.
All right, so, is happened here.
This is where I'm going to
need mark to cue some epic
music in the background
in post production, so
start thinking about maybe
Carmen Bruner or something.
What do we got here?
Swagger in about a single method.
And so if I wanna get widgets,
try it out, boom.
So it's kind of weird in a way,
I did wrestle with, do I talk about nest.
When I talk about production Angular,
and the answer is,
I believe anything that helps you
build higher quality production apps,
especially something so integrated and
so aligned with the angular ecosystem.
Absolutely, I think in a way, I feel like
I would be morally remiss not to say like,
hey, here's this awesome tool.
And if you understand Angular,
then you pretty much
understand how to build APIs,
which when you're
building production apps,
invariably, you are going
to need to consume an API
typically faster than
the backend team can produce it.
This is a great way to
supplement those efforts.
And I've had some situations or I've had
a lot of situations where you offer to
kind of stub that out and actually take
the pressure off the back end team and you
get a high five is that you're actually
providing value to the back end team.
By not Essentially turning up the heat for
them to get something done when
they're probably overloaded.
And so this is a way to really
take ownership of the entire stack
as you start to build this out and remove
that dependency from the back end team,
and as long as you have
consensus on the data model.
Then you can continue to
accelerate your development
without creating unnecessary
risk down the road.
So I'm gonna pause here.
I'm gonna take one more loving
look at this sweet, Swagger API,
and, From here,
I'm going to pause and ask,
does anybody have any questions,
comments about what they've just
seen in the context of a what I
would consider a full-stack Angular app,
at this point?